# Weekly Updates
## 8/27-9/2
Environment and website set up (downloading android studio and setting up this blog page). Schedule and milestones is in progress and will carry into the next week. UI development will occur in android studio and database management/display of data will occur on a website. Designs and tutorials are more important at the moment. This week has mostly consisted of setup and keeping up with my other classes.

## 9/3-9/9
I've made a both vague and detailed schedule for myself as well as milestones for sections of my work. The schedule consists of a monthly schedule, so for September I'll be focusing on planning/design and learning the necessary topics (mobile, looking at API's). For now I've separated my milestones into design, implementation, and thesis, as each are topics I feel I'll be working on in parallel. Overall, my prospective schedule means I'll have two to three months for planning and design, and three months for implementation and testing. When I had some downtime I looked into database tutorials as I'm considering the possibility of its use.

## 9/10-9/16
This week I was limited in what I had time for due to getting behind in two days worth of classes as a result of career fair. I was able to sketch out some general UML diagrams before realizing that I didn't really know what my users would want specifically so I tried to make some time to go through some websites of local medical facilities and get a feel for what I would look for. Then I started making plans for how I wanted to get user input. I'm thinking a survey listing what I've thought of and having an option for survey takers to add their own desires. 

## 9/17-9/23
This week I was able to explore the Google Maps API, and consider UI functionality through some UI wireframes. I also put out a survey to potential users to make sure I will design the mobile app in a way that will incorporate desired information. Of the most recent look, the initial preferences of having the services provided, insurances accepted, location, and more are most popular. However, added suggestions include patient reviews from rating services, phone numbers, prices, and more. Finally I've been trying to go through Android Studio's tutorials for building an app.

## 9/24-9/30
I've been looking more in-depth at Google Maps, I realize I'll be using their Places library primarily. Some things are deprecated, and I'll have to watch for the uses because it's only free up to a certain amount. I'm looking at other navigational API's like OpenStreetMaps wondering if they have a more comprehensive list (and if there's something new that pops up the community adds it) of places. Also as I've been going through my capstone class I realize I've been going about this process in a really unorganized manner. I've decided to use the project plan from that class as a template so I can properly plan this project out. Based on the rubric for the class I'll apply it to my own version as well. 

## 10/1-10/7
This week I was at GHC and wasn't able to do much work. I did however hear floating around about web stacks like MEAN (MongoDb, Express, AngularJS, and Node) and a web framework called Ember (seems like it is another version of AngularJS), and React. I plan on considering that when I look at developing the web server side of the project but this seems promising. I realize I also really need to focus on the details more as I'm revising my project plan because while I have an overall understanding of what might be needed it's not really concrete. Actually in my VR education class we have some project plans and others as well, except I'm looking more at the design document. I'm going to modify it a bit by searching for other design documents and how they are formatted knowing it should be detailed enough to allow someone else to develop it easily (me in this case).

## 10/8-10/14
I learned about the necessity for style guides last week through my capstone groups project plan and think I should do that as well. After searching online I've found some for android in regards to coding, UX, testing and more. I imagine in regards to the MEAN stack ( which at this point I just want to try it out and play with it) there's style guides there as well. Those will be going into the design document as well. In the meantime I'm back to making UML diagrams for the system and general functionality, but I'm also looking into diagrams necessary for UX such as personas, wireframes, etc. This week I'm going to a meetup which will hopefully give me some information depending on the session about various things I might need. 

## 10/15-10-21
The past weekend at the meetup was actually really fun. I went some sessions on vim and bluetooth to chrome tutorials/explanations, but I also spent time at a webscraping session. That was what I was really looking forward to because truthfully I have no idea where to start with that. I know as I find sites I'll have to figure out how to pull the information from them--if that's even possible in some cases. The presenter used MongoDb to save some data they got too which gives me more inclination to at least use MongoDb as my database. However, it seems webscraping requires a lot of research into the site itself, which means I may have difficulty outside of chain medical facilities. Or I'll have to do a significant amount of work prepopulating the database with my surrounding area. I'm wondering how I can involve the community on this for new or small facilities that might not have websites or big facilities that might have React based websites. My concern with that is what if there's wrong information and how to prevent an overflow of constant corrections or bad corrections--however this does solve the problem of non-updated things in GoogleMaps despite their own community based fixes. Anyway, I'm still editing the project plan because we got our rubric this week, and the design doc (still porting the diagrams/sketches/etc from paper to computer).

## 10/22-10/28
I spent this week finishing up the project plan and working on design document. By this point The project plan is only missing a component diagram, and the design doc just needs the personas, use cases, and digitized UI and wireframes done. The semester is picking up, and I think I might spend more time focusing on capstone because the knowledge requirements are similar, if I can cross apply what I learn there through that project to this project I don't think it'll take too much time. We'll see though.

## 10/29-11/4
The project plan got finished last week. As for the design document, this week I finished all but the digitized UI. I know that'll take some time due to logo creation and figuring out the layout. For now that will be put off in favor of learning and creating an android tutorial for capstone, as well as creating their UI demo that I hope to replicate (somewhat) with my project--though with a different twist because obviously different requirements. Similar starting layouts though. Should be interesting. I should also start putting together a document that houses all the paperwork done thus far as well as progress snapshots perhaps. I'm not sure. That will be a talking point at a later meeting. 

## 11/5-11/11
No work done this week. Lots of projects and other stuff due. Still wondering about the overarching document for the thesis...

## 11/12-11/18
I completed my capstone's UI demo (rudimentary mind you but that's a start). Now that I have a pretty decent base to work with both in application and in knowledge (since I've been creating a simple and detailed tutorial for my groupmates) I think once I create the digititzed UI I can just power through the UI demo for this project. It might take me 2-3 days once I put the design together. 
